1.Angular is component based language.
2. In the angular project for the different functionalities we create the different
components.
3.When we create the angular project by default 1 component is created with name as "App"
component.

4.Every component by default contains 4 files
    .ts file(logic file)
    .html file(view file)
    .css file(style file)
    .spec.ts file (testing file)

5. When we create the class and we want to amke that class as component class 
then we have to decorate that class with the @component decorator
6.decorator is like the function which are used to decorate the class/method
7.Decorator names always starts with @ symbol.

8.Every decorator HAS following metadata
    1.Selector: The component is identified with the selector. We want to bind with 
    the selector as tag in the html to call that component.
    2.templateUrl: Here we specify the html file which we want to bind with the
    component. It means when we will invoke that component , the htmml file
    mentioned in the templateUrl will get displayed.
    3. styleUrl: here we specify the stylesheet file of the component.

10.component is collection of logic and design script.
11.Logic is implemented in the .ts file and the design script is implemented
in the .html file.
12.We bind the logic and design script of component in templateUrl property of 
@component decorator

13.Install angular as 
    cd..ng npm install -g @angular/cli

14.To create the angular project we use
    ng new <project name>

15. To run the Angular project we use
    ng serve -o

16.component:
    1.component is collection of logic and design script.
    2.To create component we use
        ng generate component <component name>
    3.When we create the user defined component it creates the folder with the component name.
    4. This folder will contain 4 files.

17. Data Binding:
    1.We create data in the class (component) and we print that data on the html
    2.Flow of data between component and html is called as data binding.
    3.There are 2 types of data binding
        1.One way data binding
        2.Two way data Binding
    
    1]One way data binding
        1)When data flows from component to html or from html to component it is
        called as one way data binding.
        2)Event binding is also type of one way data binding.
        3)In case of event binding the event gets generated on html page and it
         calls the function inside the component.
         4)We implement the one way data binding using-
            1.Interpolation - syntax: {{}}
            2. property binding -- syntax: [propertyName]
    
    2] Two way data binding